### Results 

Our final project contains separate files for each algorithm we implemented. The three algorithms we mainly implemented were breadth first search (BFS), Dijkstra’s algorithm, and betweenness centrality. We designed test cases for each of our algorithms which can be found in the “tests” folder in our github repository. We had 4 goals for our project, representing our graph as a graph with a specific graph attribute, building a breadth first search algorithm inO(E+V) time, finding the shortest path between two airports using Dijkstra’s algorithm in O(VlgV + ElgV) time, and utilizing the betweenness centrality algorithm to determine the most significant airport connecting the entire graph with a runtime of  O(V x E + E^2 x log(V) time. All of our goals were met in terms of implementing the algorithms. This could be reflected in our passed test cases.  However, we found that we could have explored the results of 
From our project, we were able to find some very insightful information. We were able to process the first 100 airports in our dataset, and we found that the most connected airport was Edmonton International Airport. When we checked our data against actual Canadian airport rankings by passenger traffic, we found that Edmonton International Airport was one of the busiest airports within Canada. Although increased passenger traffic does not necessarily mean increased route connections, there is a degree of correlation and it is interesting to see how Edmonton International Airport was the most connected airport we found while being one of the busiest in Canada. 
If we had more time and resources to complete this project (our group was only 2 members), we would have hoped to examine a larger dataset as this could provide a more accurate result of what the most connected airport is. As demonstrated in our final presentation, We mostly got Canadian airports as our most connected airports. This is because the first about 400 entries of the Openflights dataset contained mostly Canadian airports. With more data, we could have expanded into American airports which could have provided more accurate results. Another improvement we could have made was to possibly implement our BFS algorithm in a different way. For example, we could have used BFS to find the largest cycles of airports. 



